gh-135615: Rephrase HTTP status codes overview (#135625)
python/cpython: Doc/library/http.rst

HTTP status codes
-----------------

> :class:`http.HTTPStatus` supports some `IANA-registered status codes <https://www.iana.org/assignments/http-status-codes/http-status-codes.xhtml>`_, as well as 418 (the requested entity is a teapot incapable of brewing coffee)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The supported `IANA-registered status codes`__ available in
:class:`http.HTTPStatus` are enumerated in the table below,
including some codes marked by IANA as 'unused'.

__ https://www.iana.org/assignments/http-status-codes/http-status-codes.xhtml
```
